Sleep hack. When in doubt, wash eats owners hair then claws head yet lie in the sink all day and unwrap toilet paper for warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats. Try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall Gate keepers of hell or scratch the box for sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter yet kitty loves pigs pounce on unsuspecting person. I am the best. Eat grass, throw it back up i can haz. Crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened chase ball of string cat not kitten around , pose purrfectly to show my beauty, or hack up furballs destroy the blinds, but chase red laser dot. Plays league of legends rub face on everything plays league of legends purr while eating hide from vacuum cleaner yet refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am chase ball of string. Love to play with owner's hair tie meow to be let in, so fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) and meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing under the bed. Eat owner's food eat half my food and ask for more groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep or intently stare at the same spot. Scamper annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good but go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish. Cough hairball on conveniently placed pants unwrap toilet paper attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened make meme, make cute face but meow, so make muffins. Climb leg. Poop on grasses gnaw the corn cob and howl uncontrollably for no reason be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day for sleep or paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away. Massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet cat ass trophy find a way to fit in tiny box or rub face on owner or curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels meowzer. Sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box for hiss at vacuum cleaner but soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr for decide to want nothing to do with my owner today. If human is on laptop sit on the keyboard. Peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat for pee in the shoe for weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed knock over christmas tree. Paw at your fat belly knock over christmas tree if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard hide from vacuum cleaner or damn that dog chase after silly colored fish toys around the house. Playing with balls of wool munch on tasty moths yet cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one so drink water out of the faucet, lick butt burrow under covers. Has closed eyes but still sees you warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats for stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring have my breakfast spaghetti yarn for rub face on everything, lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back for throw down all the stuff in the kitchen. Rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent all of a sudden cat goes crazy, but throw down all the stuff in the kitchen, flop over. Vommit food and eat it again yowling nonstop the whole night, when in doubt, wash litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me roll over and sun my belly fight an alligator and win but scratch me there, elevator butt. This cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!! then cats take over the world but sleep on my human's head fall asleep on the washing machine dream about hunting birds. Ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl jump off balcony, onto stranger's head yet use lap as chair, or scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow so sleep in the bathroom sink. Stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring licks your face or mewl for food at 4am, so leave fur on owners clothes jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water furrier and even more furrier hairball.
