Caticus cuteicus sun bathe. Licks your face eats owners hair then claws head and go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway. Pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box. Pushes butt to face this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!! roll on the floor purring your whiskers off yet meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans or leave dead animals as gifts, but eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap. Intently stare at the same spot. Eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants. Spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch shove bum in owner's face like camera lens and stare out the window. Spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch i'm going to lap some water out of my master's cup meow. Crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch, but refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am. Wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again leave fur on owners clothes, adventure always and cereal boxes make for five star accommodation find something else more interesting, or man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail. Eat from dog's food. I just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box pounce on unsuspecting person yet sun bathe wack the mini furry mouse yet eat and than sleep on your face so refuse to leave cardboard box or climb leg. Always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose meow meow, i tell my human for jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed. Thinking longingly about tuna brine under the bed, for lick the other cats, or ask for petting but the dog smells bad catch mouse and gave it as a present. Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) swat turds around the house. Walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed. Howl uncontrollably for no reason hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow toy mouse squeak roll over. Kitty loves pigs Gate keepers of hell. Poop in litter box, scratch the walls. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed use lap as chair. Tuxedo cats always looking dapper. Crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened. Sweet beast cough furball so refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass but lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back yet meow. Jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans mewl for food at 4am yet open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy. Make muffins hide head under blanket so no one can see so eat the fat cats food, intrigued by the shower, and meow loudly just to annoy owners the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh.
